.\" Manpage for sat_import.
.\" Contact ggatward@redhat.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH CLEAN_CONTENT_VIEWS 8 "04 Jan 2017" "sat6_scripts" "sat6_scripts User Manual" man page"
.SH NAME
clean_content_views \- Remove unused content view versoions from Satellite 6

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clean_content_views [\-o ORGANISATION] [\-k KEEP] [\-a] [\-d]
.LP
.B "clean_content_views --help"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B clean_content_views
is a custom python script for cleaning unused versions of content views from Satellite 6. 
Unused view versions older than the last promoted version are candidates for deletion, with the option to retain a given number of additional views.

.SH OPTIONS
The options that apply to the
.B clean_content_views
command are:
.PP
.BR "-o", " --org"
.I "ORGANISATION"
.RS 3
The organisation within Satellite to perform the activity for. The default organisation is defined in the
.I config.yml
file, but can be overridden with this option.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-a", " --all"
.RS 3
Clean all configured content views. By default
.B clean_content_views
will cleanup only the content views defined in the 
.I config.yml
file - see
.BR sat6_scripts (8).
.RE
.PP
.BR "-k", " --keep"
.RS 3
Define the number of versions to keep beyond the oldest promoted version for all content views.
.PP
For example, a given content view contains versions 1, 2, 3 (Production), 4 (Quality), 5 and 6 (Library)
.br
In this example, versions 1, 2 and 5 are unused. By default, this script would delete versions 1 and 2 but not 5.
If the KEEP option is used to specify additional versions to keep (for example keep=1) then version 2 would not be deleted, as it is 1 greater than the oldest promoted version. This allows for a version rollback if required.
.PP
The number of old views to keep can also be defined per content view in the 
.I config.yml
file - see
.BR sat6_scripts (8).
If the keep value is not specified in either the config.yml or the --keep option, the default value is 0.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-c", " --cleanall"
.RS 3
Clean all orphaned versions of the content view. 
By default the removal of versions between published, in-use versions is not performed.
.PP
For example, a given content view contains versions 1, 2 (Production), 3, 4, 5, 6 (Quality), 7, 8 (Library)
.br
By default versions 3-5 and 7 will not be deleted as they exist in between 'live' published versions.
Using the
.B -c
option will cause these versions to be cleaned up as well as any older than the oldest promoted version.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-d", " --dryrun"
.RS 3
Do not perform the actual cleanup activity, but show what would be done.
This option can be used to verify that the correct configuration options have been defined and applied before running the actual cleanup of content.
.RE


.SH EXAMPLES
Clean all content views defined in the Satellite, globally leaving 1 older version:
.RS 6
.B "clean_content_views -a -k 1"
.RE

Show what will be cleaned by default, but do not actually remove the content:
.RS 6
.B "clean_content_views -d"
.RE

.SH FILES
.B Main Configuration
.RS 3
.I /usr/share/sat6_scripts/config/config.yml
.RE
.LP
.B Log Files
.RS 3
.I /var/log/satellite/*
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sat6_scripts_config (8),
.BR publish_content_views (8),
.BR promote_content_views (8).

.SH AUTHOR
Geoff Gatward <ggatward@redhat.com>

