.\" Manpage for download_manifest.
.\" Contact ggatward@redhat.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH DOWNLOAD_MANIFEST 8 "04 Jan 2017" "sat6_scripts" "sat6_scripts User Manual" man page"
.SH NAME
download_manifest \- Verify the sync status of a Satellite 6 instance

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B download_manifest \-l LOGIN [\-p] \-s SMA [\--host]
.LP
.B "download_manifest --help"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B download_manifest
is a script to download the Red Hat Subscription Manager (RHSM) manifest for a Satellite 6 server. 
.LP
This is useful for disconnected environments, where the manifest cannot be refreshed online by the
Satellite server itself.
.LP
The manifest is saved to the export location used by 
.BR sat_export (8)
script, and included in the exported dataset for transfer to a disconnected Satellite server.

.SH OPTIONS
The options that apply to the
.B download_manifest
command are:
.PP
.BR "-l", " --login"
.I LOGIN
.RS 3
User login to use when accessing the Red Hat customer portal. 
.RS 2
The user must have access to download subscription manifests.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.BR "-p", " --password"
.I PASSWORD
.RS 3
Password for the Red Hat portal user. If not specified the user will be prompted for thier password.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-s", " --subscription-management-app"
.I SMA
.RS 3
Name of the Satellite manifest (Subscription Management Application) to download from the Red Hat portal.
.br
The default value is configured in the 
.I config.yml
file
.RE
.PP
.BI "--host" " HOST"
.RS 3
Hostname of the Red Hat Subscription Manager host to use (Default subscription.rhn.redhat.com)
.RE


.SH FILES
.B Main Configuration
.RS 3
.I /usr/share/sat6_scripts/config/config.yml
.RE
.LP
.B Manifest download location
.RS 3
.I /var/sat-export/manifest/*
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sat6_scripts_config (8),
.BR sat_export (8).

.SH AUTHOR
Rich Jerrido <rjerrido@outsidaz.org>

