.\" Manpage for sat_import.
.\" Contact ggatward@redhat.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH PROMOTE_CONTENT_VIEWS 8 "04 Jan 2017" "sat6_scripts" "sat6_scripts User Manual" man page"
.SH NAME
promote_content_views \- promote content views defined within Satellite 6

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B promote_content_views [\-o ORGANISATION] [\-e ENVIRONMENT] [\-a] [\-d] [\-l]
.LP
.B "promote_content_views --help"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B promote_content_views
is a custom python script for promoting defined content views within a Satellite 6 server through the defined lifecycle environments.
The target environment is specified as a parameter, and content views from the previous environment will be promoted to the given target.
.PP
For example, given a lifecycle of 
.B "Library -> Quality -> Production" 
, specifying Production as the target will promote content views from Quality to Production environments.


.SH OPTIONS
The options that apply to the
.B promote_content_views
command are:
.PP
.BR "-o", " --org"
.I "ORGANISATION"
.RS 3
The organisation within Satellite to perform the activity for. The default organisation is defined in the
.I config.yml
file, but can be overridden with this option.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-e", " --env"
.I "ENVIRONMENT"
.RS 3
The target environment to promote to. The environment defined must exist in the Satellite.
Optionally, environments can also be specified in the 
.I config.yml
file, defining specific content views to include in the promotion to the given environment - see
.BR sat6_scripts (8).
.RE
.PP
.BR "-a", " --all"
.RS 3
Promote all configured content views. By default
.B promote_content_views
will publish only the content views defined in the 
.I config.yml
file for the nominated environment, if an environment definition exists in the config.yml file. 
If no environment definition is found, all content views will be promoted from the previous environment.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-l", " --last"
.RS 3
Display the dates of the last successful publish and promotions.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-d", " --dryrun"
.RS 3
Do not perform the actual promotion activity, but show what would be done.
This option can be used to verify that the correct configuration options have been defined and applied before running the actual promotion of content.
.RE


.SH EXAMPLES
Check when the last promotes were performed:
.RS 6
.B "promote_content_views -l"
.RE

Promote content views to the Quality environment, using the definition in the config.yml:
.RS 6
.B "promote_content_views -e Quality"
.RE

Show what will be promoted by default to the Production environment, but do not actually promote the content:
.RS 6
.B "promote_content_views -e Production -d"
.RE

.SH FILES
.B Main Configuration
.RS 3
.I /usr/share/sat6_scripts/config/config.yml
.RE
.LP
.B Log Files
.RS 3
.I /var/log/satellite/*
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sat6_scripts_config (8),
.BR publish_content_views (8),
.BR clean_content_views (8).

.SH AUTHOR
Geoff Gatward <ggatward@redhat.com>

