.\" Manpage for sat_import.
.\" Contact ggatward@redhat.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH PUBLISH_CONTENT_VIEWS 8 "04 Jan 2017" "sat6_scripts" "sat6_scripts User Manual" man page"
.SH NAME
publish_content_views \- publish content views defined within Satellite 6

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B publish_content_views [\-o ORGANISATION] [\-a] [\-d] [\-l]
.LP
.B "publish_content_views --help"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B publish_content_views
is a custom python script for publishing defined content views within a Satellite 6 server. The content must have been imported and synchronised prior to the publish being performed.


.SH OPTIONS
The options that apply to the
.B publish_content_views
command are:
.PP
.BR "-o", " --org"
.I "ORGANISATION"
.RS 3
The organisation within Satellite to perform the activity for. The default organisation is defined in the
.I config.yml
file, but can be overridden with this option.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-a", " --all"
.RS 3
Publish all configured content views. By default
.B publish_content_views
will publish only the content views defined in the 
.I config.yml
file.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-l", " --last"
.RS 3
Display the dates of the last successful publish and promotions.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-d", " --dryrun"
.RS 3
Do not perform the actual publish activity, but show what would be done.
This option can be used to verify that the correct configuration options have been defined and applied before running the actual publication of content.
.RE


.SH EXAMPLES
Check when the last publish was performed:
.RS 6
.B "publish_content_views -l"
.RE

Publish all content views defined in the Satellite:
.RS 6
.B "publish_content_views -a"
.RE

Show what will be published by default, but do not actually publish the content:
.RS 6
.B "publish_content_views -d"
.RE

.SH FILES
.B Main Configuration
.RS 3
.I /usr/share/sat6_scripts/config/config.yml
.RE
.LP
.B Log Files
.RS 3
.I /var/log/satellite/*
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sat6_scripts_config (8),
.BR promote_content_views (8),
.BR clean_content_views (8).

.SH AUTHOR
Geoff Gatward <ggatward@redhat.com>

