.\" Manpage for push_puppetforge.
.\" Contact ggatward@redhat.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH PUSH_PUPPETFORGE 8 "04 Jan 2017" "sat6_scripts" "sat6_scripts User Manual" man page"
.SH NAME
push_puppetforge \- Export puppet forge modules and push to puppet-forge-server instance

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B push_puppetforge [\-o ORGANISATION] \-r REPO [\-s SERVER] [\-m MODULEPATH] [\-u USER]
.LP
.B "push_puppetforge --help"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B push_puppetforge
is a script to push puppet forge modules that have been synchronised using Satellite 6
to an offline puppet forge server that uses the puppet-forge-server rubygem instance:
.br 
.I https://github.com/unibet/puppet-forge-server
.LP
The puppet-forge-server instance requires a specific format for the module filesystem that
differst from that used by Satellite 6. To make use of this script, the connected Satellite
must sync the puppet-forge repository, and have that repo included for the 
.BR sat_export (8)
script. The disconnected Satellite must import the puppet modules into an identically named
puppet repository.
.LP
.BR push_puppetforge " will"
export the puppet modules from the disconnected Satellite and use rsync to transfer them to 
the offline puppet-forge-server instance.

.SH OPTIONS
The options that apply to the
.B push_puppetforge
command are:
.PP
.BR "-o", " --org"
.I ORGANISATION
.RS 3
The organisation within Satellite to perform the import for. The default organisation is defined in the
.I config.yml
file, but can be overridden with this option.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-r", " --repo"
.I REPO
.RS 3
Label of the puppet-forge repository in Satellite to use as the sync source.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-s", " --server"
.I SERVER
.RS 3
Hostname of the puppet-forge-server instance.
.br
The default value is configured in the 
.I config.yml
file
.RE
.PP
.BR "-m", " --modulepath"
.I MODULEPATH
.RS 3
Location of the puppet modules on the puppet-forge-server instance. (Default is /opt/puppet-forge/modules)
.RE
.PP
.BR "-u", " --user"
.I USER
.RS 3
Username to login to the puppet-forge-server as. Default is the user running the 
.B push_puppetforge
script, from the 
.I SUDO_USER
environment variable.
.RE

.SH FILES
.B Main Configuration
.RS 3
.I /usr/share/sat6_scripts/config/config.yml
.RE
.LP
.B Manifest download location
.RS 3
.I /var/sat-export/manifest/*
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sat6_scripts_config (8),
.BR sat_export (8).

.SH AUTHOR
Geoff Gatward <ggatward@redhat.com>

