.\" Manpage for sat_import.
.\" Contact ggatward@redhat.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH SAT_IMPORT 8 "04 Jan 2017" "sat6_scripts" "sat6_scripts User Manual" man page"
.SH NAME
sat_import \- import content to a disconnected Satellite 6 instance

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sat_import [\-o ORGANISATION] [\-d DATASET] [\-n] [\-r] [\-r] [\-c]
.LP
.B "sat_import --help"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B sat_import
is a custom python script for importing content into a Satellite 6 server. The content must have been exported using the
.BR sat_export (8).
script.

.SS IMPORT PROCESS
The import process consists of the following steps:
.RS 3
- The sha256sum of each part of the import dataset archive is verified.
.RE
.RS 3
- The import dataset is extracted to the import filesystem location.
.RE
.RS 3
- The existence of each repository within the import dataset is verified in Satellite.
.RS 2
Any repositories found in the import that do not exist in Satellite will be indicated.
.RE
.RE
.RS 3
- Satellite will perform a bulk repository sync of the repositories within the import dataset.
.RE
.RS 3
- At the completion of the import sync, a package count of each imported repository will be
.RS 2
performed and compared against the count from the sync host Satellite, and discrepancies will be displayed.
.RE
.RE
.RS 3
- The import dataset input files will be removed from the disk at the completion of a successful import
.RE
.RS 3
- A log of the imported process is saved to the defined logdir.
.RE


.SH OPTIONS
The options that apply to the
.B sat_import
command are:
.PP
.BR "-o", " --org"
.I "ORGANISATION"
.RS 3
The organisation within Satellite to perform the import for. The default organisation is defined in the
.I config.yml
file, but can be overridden with this option.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-d", " --dataset"
.I "DATASET"
.RS 3
Dataset to import. The dataset name consists of the export date and the export environment that was defined during the
.I sat_export
process, for example  '2016-12-06_SAT1'
.RE
.PP
.BR "-l", " --last"
.RS 3
Display the name of the last successfully imported dataset.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-L", " --list"
.RS 3
Display all of the previously imported datasets.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-n", " --nosync"
.RS 3
Skip repository sync of extracted RPM packages. The default action is to run a repository sync
on all imported repositories. Using this option will extract the import dataset and exit.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-r", " --remove"
.RS 3
Delete the import dataset files after a successful import and sync operation. By default
.B sat_import
will leave the import dataset in the import location.
.br
If the import process detects a repository in the dataset that does not exist in the Satellite,
the removal of the import dataset is skipped regardless of the setting of this flag. This is
because the new repository will need to be manually defined in the Satellite and a manual sync
of that repository performed.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-c", " --count"
.RS 3
Display the full repository package count after the sync has completed. By default, only repositories
that have mis-matching content counts will be displayed. This option forces the package count of ALL
repositories to be shown, even if there is no mis-match.
.RE
.PP
.BR "-f", " --force"
.RS 3
Normally the script will prevent the importing of a dataset that has already been imported.
However, using this option will force an import of the dataset to be performed.
.RE

.SH EXAMPLES
Check when the last import was performed:
.RS 6
.B "sat_import -l"
.RE

Perform an import using dataset 2016-12-06_SAT1, removing input files when done:
.RS 6
.B "sat_import -d 2016-12-06_SAT1 -r"
.RE


.SH FILES
.B Main Configuration
.RS 3
.I /usr/share/sat6_scripts/config/config.yml
.RE
.LP
.B Dataset import location
.RS 3
.I /var/sat-content/*
.RE
.LP
.B Log Files
.RS 3
.I /var/log/satellite/*
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sat6_scripts_config (8),
.BR sat_export (8).

.SH AUTHOR
Geoff Gatward <ggatward@redhat.com>
